Later, she found out that Carson had
another family that he hid from her.
Despite their best efforts, their
marriage fell apart and ended in divorce.
Pregunta.
Question.
Why did Sonia Carson, the woman in the
story, divorced her husband?
Numbers two.
Second one.
After the meeting, Benny felt really sad.
He thought that he was not smart.
His mother, however, believed in him.
She told him that he was not stupid, but
very smart, and that he just needed to
work harder.
Question.
Why was Benny sad?
Third.
Now, Sonia works multiple jobs, like
cleaning and babysitting, to support her family.
Sonia can't read or cry, and this scares her.
She's worried that her sons might end up
facing the same challenges.
She even tells her psychiatrist about her
thoughts of ending her life, which
worries him.
What worries Sonia?
What is she thinking to do?
Please answer these questions in the
comments down below.
Te veo en la siguiente lección.